Hi everyone. Today's Tuesday, April the
22nd, and this is the Money Ball Morning
Report charged by TrendSpider,
gamma flows by Menthor Q, news analysis
by Benzinga Pro, and
data analytics from tradewave.ai.
Well, that's all my advertising, and
we're done.
Yesterday, I said, "Hey, listen. We
wanted to look at a couple of things.
How we began the day and how we ended
the day."
Same sort of thing.
How did we begin the day?
Yesterday,
quietly at our 9:30 candlestick, but
notice,
Globex is lower than 4:00 a.m.
is lower than
9:30. And so, that tells us dips are
buys. Same sort of situation today. We
have our Globex
and our
4:00 a.m.,
which we just went through.
And although these candlesticks are very
small, they're compact, right? Which
tells its own story.
Everybody is
This is
really
uh
good motion here.
All right? This is This is fairly good
motion. You want things to write up,
come back, hold the floor, write up a
little, come back, hold the higher
floor, write up a little, come back,
hold the higher floor. That's what you
really want. So, as I mentioned early in
the week,
CTAs are planning on grinding forward
into this week. No big heavy
positioning,
but what the day does tell us is that
we probably have another upside day.
So, I see all these things on Twitter.
People are saying, "Oh,
this week, do you think we'll see
another percent move up, or do you see a
crash, or whatever?" And lots of people
are going, "It's got to crash."
No, no, it doesn't. It really doesn't.
And if it's building a floor like this,
and it breaks to the north, the CTAs who
still have more to unwind are going to
continue. So, statistically, we've got
upshots for
a couple more days,
and then we should see a a nice fade
that comes in on a bigger time frame and
rotates out. All right, big story.
That's the truth for all of the indices.
What do we want to look at in terms of
upside rotation? Big candlestick, this
1:00 p.m. candle, which
I do look at occasionally, but not
with great vigor,
is the candlestick that we are in the
midst of right now. We are past the
50-minute range. Excuse me, the 50%
range. We just broke above it.
Pullbacks, buy zones. Pivot below us,
that number is 7132,
7132.
The 50 simple moving average is sloping
up. Notice, I never tell you what that
simple moving average is. Why?
Cuz I don't really buy the simple moving
average. I just want to see the slope of
that average to tell me, "Okay, here's
where you look for support." See how
it's coming into that halfway spot,
they're dropping off the edge.
Very likely that we pull into the bottom
of the box. That's also the anchored
VWAP from 2 days ago. That number is
7150,
at which point
we start building again. I do expect the
day to grind,
but to grind north.
So, think about that when you are
looking at price. Now,
where's this going to fall apart?
Couple of places. One, we get to the
bottom here at 7151. That's sort of my
no-go area for longs.
And if it loses that edge, which also
happens to be right at the low of
the Globex candle. There's a bit of a
marubozu. It does have a little wick,
but not not much. It moves all the way
up there.
And so, that's 7150. That's going to be
that line in the sand. If we lose it and
fail to recover, that means we look
below.
We bounce, but we cannot get back up
over 7155 and stay there, the market
will rotate down first into the anchored
VWAP. That's 7140 or so,
then into the pivot at 7132,
then into value area low, 7125, and so
on.
Chances are that's not going to happen,
but the rotation suggests that the loss
of this framework is going to be
uh what we need to stare down.
Okay, let's go to the NQ. Get some
numbers.
Oh, yes. Can you tell I'm traveling?
It's taking forever.
There we go.
Perfect.
NQ
doing a lot better, actually. Tech, I
started reading the 13 Fs yesterday.
They're not going to be done until May
the 15th or so. Actually, May the 15th
is a deadline. So, I'll need a couple of
days after that to get it together.
But what they are showing is a rotation
back into tech. Um
Very interesting. Very, very
interesting. They They expect
a tremendous amount of upshot,
which is interesting, to say the least.
Okay, here is the
1:00 p.m. candlestick from Friday.
We're sitting inside of it. As a matter
of fact, we're almost to the top of it.
Let's
take a look at how the day began. Here
is our
1800 candle.
Here is our
400 candle.
And so, what do we see?
1800 lower than the 400 candle, and so
we've got upshot.
Especially since, look at the volume.
Opening volume and closing volume,
pretty important. Now,
the closing volume was inside of the
opening range formation, but
it was in recovery. We're going to see
the same sort of thing. Grinding motion.
Expect the dip. Expect it.
And realize that they are positioned to
buy off that dip. 50 upside, 200 upside,
but wait for the consolidation events of
prior motion to jump in and go long.
Don't chase it. This is a grinding
motion up. CTAs, commodity technical
advisors, are not going to aggressively
add to their position until we have a
breakout confirmation. Okay? Or at least
this is what
This is what is being told to us. So, we
shall see. Very sideways, nice pullback,
value area low, good shot. 26,650,
26,600.
Somewhere around there. The pivot is
sitting on top of the anchored VWAP,
26,700.
Anywhere down in here is a great place
to buy. You might go, "Why can't I
sell?" You can.
Just make sure that you're far away from
the 50 and as far away from the VWAP as
you can be, so that you can at least
have a mean reversion event down into
these. See how the spike out? Mean
reversion. Break down, mean reversion.
So, let it break away from that VWAP
significantly
if you want to take a long.
All right? Upper edges, 26,880,
890,
and then 27,000,
and we have a gamma wall up here at
27,075.
The put wall is sitting at 27,500.
550.
Right? 550, 560, somewhere around there.
560. And so, this would make an ideal
space for a very deep buy, but it looks
really good. People are going to get
lulled into this long. They're going to
get lulled into it, and then the break
of the rotation is going to come on a
higher cycle to pull traders back in.
I know, it's just the way they do it.
Just the way they do it.
All right, let's look at micro Bitcoin.
It's trying to recover.
It is now in this box that I drew from
the last recording, and that is Friday's
9:30 candlestick.
Looks like it failed right about the 50%
mark.
Let's move this up so you can see it.
Yeah. So, if we look to the 50 Let's use
this Fibonacci, right? If we look to the
50% rotation, it really does look like
it's
right around the prior day's pivot,
which is 77,000
even.
Okay? Now, what's trend?
Up.
Trend is up. They're trying to fill the
gap. That's going to be the next thing
on the horizon for the Bitcoin traders
and that gap fill is going to be right
around the second resistance of 77,440.
So, that's the upside. Dips are buys.
The pivot
75,005
75,600
thereabouts. That's the pivot.
The anchored Vwap 75,194.
We've got a 200 and a 50 sitting
together right here.
Both of them upside. Well, mint some.
Not very good. But, that just means hey,
you just wait for those dips. Wait for
the dips. They're coming. Don't buy the
big breakouts. This chart is not going
to run away from you. It is not. It's
going to give you time to get back in.
Ideally, it would be very nice if it
came back into about 74,700,
but it might not.
Use heavy congestion like the prior days
pivot or this Fibonacci line at 75,600
or thereabouts. Upward flow
top of the box.
You know, we expect them to try to fill
this gap. Dips are buys and so we look
for the pullback to give us buy signals.
Where's the bottom of the range?
74,000
and the top of the range 78,000.
I don't really know if it's going to get
there today, but we'll see.
Okay.
Oil.
Oil continues to lollygag.
One of my favorite southern words.
Let's take a look at trend. Trend down.
Momentum
down to flat.
Sideways on the Vwap. So, what do you
think? Sideways on the Vwap.
They're trying to hold the frame. You
know, I think that frame is around
80 40 85.
But, never mind what I think. Let's see
what the chart's telling us. Pivot above
us, anchored Vwap above us. So, bounces
are sells.
You might go, yes, but geopolitically
you can't trade oil without news.
You can
if you're careful.
If you just watch the big flow. Now,
does it mean that you won't get stopped
out sometimes because of a wick?
Of course.
But, manage your risk.
Don't leave it wide. Manage your risk.
Leave it the normal thing that
this would ask.
Leave it there
and trade accordingly.
Don't
don't get freaked out. Truly.
What they do over here looks like about
the halfway point
of this breakdown of the opening candle
for Monday night.
So, that also
yeah, also happens to be the low of the
Globex. Notice we have
the Globex low and then the
4:00 a.m. low just
barely bullish.
Right? The low of the 4:00 a.m. is the
close of the 1800 or
uh 6:00 p.m. formation.
So, could it get back up to the pivot of
8862? Absolutely. Any kind of news
event, that's what I would do to
position for nice short. This is very
noisy. Let them work out the details
first and then you can play. Okay? Right
now
the candle running the show
is
still
the Globex candle
from yesterday's trading. So, day before
yesterday, Sunday night.
So far high's 8782
and a bounce into 90 most certainly
will bring in the next group of sellers.
Oil is stabilizing for now. Market
forces are trying to
force
uh
physical constraints or financial
constraints on these commodities,
but eventually it's going to get away
from them.
More about that later. We'll worry about
that later.
Let's take a look at gold.
Gold pretty sideways as you mentioned I
mean as I mentioned this bounce uh it
surprised me a little bit.
Um I expect a fade
uh because I think
um
I
I believe that people are worried about
the currencies
and they're cashing in some gold
for dollars, but they're also cashing in
some gold to pay bills.
This is why I think gold is coming in.
A big not not institutions, countries.
Sovereign holdings, which is why I
suspect gold is going to have itself a
little bit of a fade. So, this morning
it's totally disconnected from the broad
markets moving down. The dollar's moving
up again because people are taking
currencies to the market and swapping
them out for dollars. People are taking
gold to the market and swapping them out
to pay bills.
And these two things are happening
convergently and so we are seeing the
rise of the dollar and the fade in gold.
Now, this is my supposition which was
why yesterday was a little weird.
Now, here we go. Big formation. They
bounced into resistance
and then headed lower.
So,
this is what we've got. 4800
the floor. It's also very close to value
area low.
Moving averages flat.
So, if per happenstance we bounce
the next nice short should be 4851.
Assuming that it might not get there
we're looking at 4830.
But, because gold threw me off yesterday
on this
see uh institutional positioning is
short. The everybody knows this is
happening. It's very interesting once
you start listening to
the right people what's actually going
on.
It's a it's very interesting, but
we're also seeing movement into emerging
markets. I don't know why. I'm seeing
that in the 13 Fs. So, I'm going to be
digging around especially since those
emerging markets
are exchanging gold
to uh pay bills or exchanging gold
or or exchanging their currency to buy
dollars.
I don't know. We'll see how the auctions
do this week. We'll see how the
um the notes do this week. Anyway, sorry
for that digression.
Low edge 4773
all the way to 4750.
If it were me
trading this, I would wait
for a topping formation
that gives me a a clue. Now, remember
gold is in a pretty good structural
formation
that gives it downside pressure. This
candle stick is
running the show. So, I'm going to clone
this one way up here
and bring it down
to see where we at. Whoa, look at that.
One to one. So,
man.
These formations I it sometimes it
boggles my mind that these
boxes work as well as they do. I mean
to the tick. Come on. What is that? So,
here we are. This is our motion.
All the way down. So, we've had one and
then one and then now if it bounces
maybe it doesn't get all the way to
4850. Maybe it gets somewhere here. But,
you have to let it
tell you the way before you take the
trade and use this sideways formation on
the bigger time frames. That's going to
give you the go no go. Right now, it's
in a they're trying to hold the bounce.
So, that's what we're staring down.
Pivot
lower gamma wall 4773
and then 4719 to 4730.
All right, let's finally look at spy.
Beautiful trend. Look at that. I mean
just
hugging things. Notice the interesting
flattening
of this 50.
While price action is moving up I wonder
if that is
an anomaly.
All right, nevertheless, let's just use
the Vwap. We filled the gap completely
and now the traders are trying to sell
the top of that. That's 710 dollars.
The big candle
that we looked at was this one here.
The closing candle right here
is the pullback. Dips are clearly buys
in this formation.
Very clearly buys. Now, could the dip
be deep?
Yes. I I think this is a misdrawing.
That nothing about this data tells me
this should be flat.
And so this is not the proper drawing.
Let's go to an hourly.
There we go.
Let's go back to the 30 and see if it
retraces itself. Nope.
Yeah, something's wrong with that.
See if prices continue to go up, there's
no way a moving average flattens because
the moving average moves with the price
of the data. So, don't get your eyeballs
all Oh, but that's flat. The data
have to show you that it's flat, okay?
Anyways, so here we are.
We're going to ignore the slope of this
50 because it's just not
it's just not true.
And here we have our gap up
and holding. So, dips are buys.
And the dip
would very likely be the 4:00 a.m.
candle.
So, my thought for spy is
if it holds 709, it's going to move up.
We have four more days of this.
Three more days, thereabouts, and
I'll see how it goes. Maybe it does
continue to the upside, but it's moving
very fast, and so ideally, what we need
to do is consolidate, which would bring
us back down into this area, 708.
And then
maybe this pivot at 706.50.
Okay?
That's what we're staring down.
So,
bullish upside pressure, of course.
We're going to clone this.
And if we measure it up here,
oh, what do you know? It's always to the
top of the box. I'm shocked. Shocked, I
tell you.
All right, I know I'm a strange girl,
but
it is what it is. So, here we go. Right
up here,
they should rotate back down. Could you
take a short? Yes, my friends, but
you'd need to do it on a very tight time
frame that tells you structurally
you're going to have downward flow. The
5-minute doesn't even show any
structural downward flow,
and nor that does the 1-minute. So,
if you try to to uh
short up there, you're trying to
buy a top or catch a top, and
it doesn't normally work.
I mean, you could get it. You could be
fortunate and get one. Here's the wick
of the prior high, 712. That's probably
where we're headed to.
Um my suspicion is we're headed up
before down, and so the pullbacks going
to give us buys for yet another day.
Okay, everyone, that's it for me.
I'll see you on the streams.